In this module,
you have learned how to run tests from the console using the
ConsoleLauncher, a standalone JAR that includes all the
dependencies to run JUnit tests.
Then, I showed you how to run tests with Gradle and Maven
using configuration options to include and exclude tests and
how to use tags for this purpose.
Finally, you learned about the concept of code coverage,
a metric that indicates how many lines of your code are executed by your tests.
I showed you how to get coverage reports in Maven and Gradle
using JaCoco and even how to fail the build in case your tests
don't meet the coverage percentage.
I'll see you in the next module. Take care, and thanks for watching.